Roll a d10. Your height changes by a number of inches equal to the roll. If the roll is odd, you shrink. If the roll is even, you grow.
You grow a long beard made of feathers that remains until you sneeze, at which point the feathers explode out from your face.
Your skin turns a vibrant shade of blue. A Remove Curse spell can end this effect.
Roll a d10. Your age changes by a number of years equal to the roll. If the roll is odd, you get younger (minimum 1 year old). If the roll is even, you get older.
You can't speak for the next minute. Whenever you try, pink bubbles float out of your mouth.
You are immune to being intoxicated by alcohol for the next 5d6 days.
Your hair falls out but grows back within 24 hours.
For the next minute, you must shout when you speak.
Illusory butterflies and flower petals flutter in the air within 10 feet of you for the next minute.
You are surrounded by faint, ethereal music for the next minute.
You turn into a potted plant until the start of your next turn. While a plant, you are incapacitated and have vulnerability to all damage. If you drop to 0 hit points, your pot breaks, and your form reverts.
For the next minute, any flammable object you touch that isn't being worn or carried by another creature bursts into flame.
You are frightened by the nearest creature until the end of your next turn.
You cast Polymorph on yourself. If you fail the saving throw, you turn into a sheep for the spell's duration.
Roll on this table at the start of each of your turns for the next minute, ignoring this result on subsequent rolls.
You cast Fog Cloud centered on yourself.
If you die within the next minute, you immediately come back to life as if by the Reincarnate spell.
You cast Fireball as a 3rd-level spell centered on yourself.
You cast Confusion centered on yourself.
You cast Grease centered on yourself.
You and all creatures within 30 feet of you gain vulnerability to piercing damage for the next minute.
For the next minute, you can see any invisible creature if you have line of sight to it.
You cast Magic Missile as a 5th-level spell.
For the next minute, you regain 5 hit points at the start of each of your turns.
Creatures have disadvantage on the first saving throw against the next spell you cast in the next minute that involves a saving throw.
An eye appears on your forehead for the next minute. During that time, you have advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on sight.
For the next minute, all your spells with a casting time of 1 action have a casting time of 1 bonus action.
You teleport up to 60 feet to an unoccupied space of your choice that you can see.
Maximize the damage of the first damage roll of the next damaging spell you cast within the next minute.
You regain 2d10 hit points.
For the next minute, you can teleport up to 20 feet as a bonus action on each of your turns.
A spectral shield hovers near you for the next minute, granting you a +2 bonus to AC and immunity to Magic Missile.
You regain your lowest-level expended spell slot.
Up to three creatures you choose within 30 feet of you take 4d10 lightning damage.
You gain resistance to all damage for the next minute.
You can take one additional action immediately.
You cast Mirror Image.
You become invisible for the next minute. During that time, other creatures can't hear you. The invisibility ends if you attack or cast a spell.
You regain all expended sorcery points.
You are transported to the Astral Plane until the end of your next turn, after which time you return to the space you previously occupied or the nearest unoccupied space if that space is occupied.
You cast Levitate on yourself.
Each creature within 30 feet of you becomes invisible for the next minute. The invisibility ends on a creature when it attacks or casts a spell.
A random creature within 60 feet of you becomes poisoned for 1d4 hours.
You glow with bright light in a 30-foot radius for the next minute. Any creature that ends its turn within 5 feet of you is blinded until the end of its next turn.
Each creature within 30 feet of you takes 1d10 necrotic damage. You regain hit points equal to the sum of the necrotic damage dealt.
You cast Fly on a random creature within 60 feet of you.
Your size increases by one size category for the next minute.
A modron chosen and controlled by the DM appears in an unoccupied space within 5 feet of you, then disappears I minute later.
1d6 flumphs controlled by the DM appear in unoccupied spaces within 60 feet of you and are frightened of you. They vanish after 1 minute.
A unicorn controlled by the DM appears in a space within 5 feet of you, then disappears 1 minute later.
The ground within 5 feet of you sprouts a field of pretty flowers. The flowers are everblooming and immune to all damage.
You are now wearing a fez on your head or on top of anything else you have on your head.  It is a glorious fez.
For the next hour, you leave illusory flaming footprints that last for an hour.
Your eyes glow with a dim light. A remove curse spell can end this effect. 
For the next hour, your hair appears like fire, shedding light as if affected by the continual flame spell. 
Waters spouts from your hands. It stops after ten minutes or if an inch of water has formed on the floor.
For the next hour, you are followed by your own, small, personal raincloud.
All equipment and clothing within 60 feet of you is suddenly magically clean and smelling of roses.
Any inanimate object (that you were not carrying or wearing when this surge happened) that you touch with your hands for the next 1d4 hours gains the ability to speak for that duration, and does so eagerly, but has nothing interesting to say. The effect on one object ends when you touch another.
You lose 1 sorcery point (unless you have none).
Mischievous ghostly laughter can be heard, and you trip and fall prone.
You spin around twice and end pointing the other way. The disorientation causes your next attack roll within a minute to have disadvantage.
Vines sprout from the ground and grab you. You are restrained until the end of your next turn as long as you are standing on your current space.
You feel very sleepy and fall asleep (unconscious) for one minute, or until you take damage or someone uses an action to shake or slap you awake.
You cast Comprehend Languages on yourself, but are unable to speak or write Common while the spell is active.
For the next minute, your elemental spells (acid, cold, fire, lightning, poison, or thunder) deal damage of a random type instead of their normal type (roll a d6).
Roll twice on this table, ignoring this result. 
1d100 gold coins rain down within a 30-foot radius of you for 1 round; creatures within must make DC15 Dexterity saves or take 1d6 bludgeoning damage. The coins are real and permanent.
You cast Sleet Storm centered on yourself
You cast Faerie Fire centered on yourself
You cast Earth Tremor, but it also affects you.
You cast fire shield on yourself. 
You regain 1d4 sorcery points.
You cast blur on yourself.
You cast scorching ray.
A creature of your choice within 30 feet of you regains 1d10 hitpoints per level of the spell you cast.
You regain your highest-level expended spell slot.
You cast longstrider on yourself. Illusory flames envelop your feet as you walk.
For the next minute, your spells ignore resistances.
You cast Dragon's Breath on yourself (roll a d4 for the damage type). You are aware of this.
The next attack roll you make has a +2 bonus.
You feel one with magic. For the next hour, you have advantage on arcana skill checks.
You cast Hellish Rebuke on the next creature that hits you with an attack within the next hour.
You gain temporary HP equal to your sorcerer level.
You cast Spider Climb on yourself (and are aware of this).
Your next spell with a saving throw has its save DC increased by 1.
The range of your spells that don't have a range of self is doubled for the next minute.
You cast Chaos Bolt as 3rd level spell.
For the next hour, you have advantage on death saving throws.
You and a random target of the spell switch places. Both of you stay the same distance from the ground as you were before, however.
Your size decreases by one size category for the next minute.
Roll a d4.  On a 1, you cast Gust of Wind directly to the north, east on a 2, south on a 3, and north on a 4. You cannot change its direction after it has been cast.
You cast Enlarge on a random creature other than you within 30 feet.
You cast Thunderwave.
As a ghostly voice tells a joke, you cast Tasha's Hideous Laughter on a random creature other than you within 30 feet.
All creatures within 10 feet of you (not including you) take 1d10 fire damage.
The ground under you in a radius of 10 foot around you rises or drops 5 ft (50% chance of each, unless the ceiling is lower than 10 ft, in which case it drops), creating a plateau or pit.
A duck controlled by the DM appears, sitting on the head on a target of the spell. It is friendly towards the target.
1d6 chickens appear at your feet and run away squawking, at top speed (20 feet per round).
A faerie dragon (colour determined by DM) controlled by the DM appears on your shoulder. It disappears after 1 minute.